README.md, before:

# file transfer


## How to use it
- Drop a file into the drop zone or select one by opening the file browser.
- The file gets uploaded to the server and you get redirected the download site.
- Share the url or qrcode so others can download the file.
- The file will be deleted after 10 minutes.

## Setup
- Install all required software using ```pip install -r requirements.txt```.
- Rename example_config.py to config.py.
- Update the ```redis_host``` and ```redis_port``` variables to point to a redis instance.
- Select one of the following storage drivers and configure it.
- Start the server using ```python start.py```.

#### Filesytem Storage Driver
- Set ```storage_driver``` in the config file to ```storage.FileSystemStorageDriver```.
- Set a file location using the ```file_location``` option.
- The uploaded files will be stored in the ```file_location``` on the server.

#### S3 Storage Driver
- Set ```storage_driver``` in the config file to ```storage.S3StorageDriver```.
- Point the ```S3_ACCESS_KEY,S3_SECREET_KEY,S3_REGION,S3_ENDPOINT``` and ```S3_BUCKET``` options to a S3
instance.
- The uploaded files will be stored in the s3 bucket.

#### S3 Storage Driver Extern
- Set ```storage_driver``` in the config file to ```storage.S3StorageDriverExtern```.
- Point the ```S3_ACCESS_KEY,S3_SECREET_KEY,S3_REGION,S3_ENDPOINT``` and ```S3_BUCKET``` options to a S3 instance.
- The uploaded files will be stored in the s3 bucket. They will be directly up loaded to the s3 bucket from the webbrowser using presigned urls. The download is directly from the s3 bucket as well using presigned urls.

## Used software
- [pico.css](https://picocss.com/)
- [qrcode](https://github.com/davidshimjs/qrcodejs)
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com)
- [bottle](https://bottlepy.org)

Commit message:

Document StorageDriver class Document all methods of the StorageDriver. Add readme section about custom storage driver implementations. Generalise upload code for external storage drivers so that non S3 versions are possible.

README.md, after:

# file transfer

## How to use it
- Drop a file into the drop zone or select one by opening the file browser.
- Press the upload button to upload the file. You will be automatically redirected to the downlod site.
- Share the url or qrcode so others can download the file.
- The file will be deleted after 10 minutes.

## Setup
- Install all required software using ```pip install -r requirements.txt```.
- Rename example_config.py to config.py.
- Update the ```redis_host``` and ```redis_port``` variables to point to a redis instance.
- Select one of the following storage drivers and configure it.
- Start the server using ```python start.py```.

#### Filesytem Storage Driver
- Set ```storage_driver``` in the config file to ```storage.FileSystemStorageDriver```.
- Set a file location using the ```file_location``` option.
- The uploaded files will be stored in the ```file_location``` on the server.

#### S3 Storage Driver
- Set ```storage_driver``` in the config file to ```storage.S3StorageDriver```.
- Point the ```S3_ACCESS_KEY,S3_SECREET_KEY,S3_REGION,S3_ENDPOINT``` and ```S3_BUCKET``` options to a S3
instance.
- The uploaded files will be stored in the s3 bucket.

#### S3 Storage Driver Extern
- Set ```storage_driver``` in the config file to ```storage.S3StorageDriverExtern```.
- Point the ```S3_ACCESS_KEY,S3_SECREET_KEY,S3_REGION,S3_ENDPOINT``` and ```S3_BUCKET``` options to a S3 instance.
- The uploaded files will be stored in the s3 bucket. They will be directly up loaded to the s3 bucket from the webbrowser using presigned urls. The download is directly from the s3 bucket as well using presigned urls.

#### Add your own Storage Driver
- Create a new class inheriting from ```storage.StorageDriver```
- Implement all the required methods. Look at the documentation of the ```StorageDriver``` class for more information.
- You can look at the implementation in ```storage.py``` for inspiration.

## Used software
- [pico.css](https://picocss.com/)
- [qrcode](https://github.com/davidshimjs/qrcodejs)
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com)
- [bottle](https://bottlepy.org)
